Today, I wanted to do an experiment I've
been thinking about for a while. I
wanted to kind of compare like apples to
apples what happens if I set like Claude
code up with like we're just going to
pick the latest biggest model 4.7 versus
Codex CLI with 5.5. We're probably going
to do the I don't know. Let's just do
medium thinking.
Or maybe we can do high. Let's do high
thinking. High and let's high. That's
fine. We can do that both for them. So
basically what we don't want to do is
use Polymarket. We're going to set them
up maybe I think we're going to go with
uh
5-minute
uh Bitcoin
BTC trades. That's really easy to
monitor. So we're going to give model
each model in Claude code and in CLI
Codex CLI the same prompt.
The same documentation. Also, they're
going to probably have
No, we will not have any data. So same
prompt, same documentation, and same
time of executing the trades. Uh I said
like 1 hour or something is going to be
fine like So let's say they trade for 1
hour and just simple most dollars at the
end wins. That's the simple experiment.
But I want to take you through how I set
this up because I think it could be a
bit interesting looking at how we set
this up and kind of maybe look at a bit
of the different strategies both models
take here.
So I think we just got to get into it. I
loaded up two different Polymarket
accounts. So one uh both has around 50
bucks they can trade with. So I'm going
to specify that in the prompt. I want to
see if we can do them side by side to
track the trading in real time. If we
can't, we're just going to do one by
one. But I want to try to set up side by
side. So let's just start uh building
this out. So how we going to do this
now? You can see we have the both
wallets here. Claude code wallet has 50
bucks. Code has 52. So, combined is like
100. So, that's a perfect starting
point. I got to check if Code has any
gas money.
Ooh, that is important. Let me fix that.
Okay, so that was done. So, I sent over
just some matic, I think it's called.
So, now both wallets are ready. So, this
is my plan now. So, I'm going to do
Claude code here,
uh Claude poly, and we're going to do
Yolo mode on 5.5 medium, but I changed
it to high.
Uh we also have high here on Opus 4.7.
Uh the prompt I'm going to use is this.
So, I'm going to read it out. If you
want to skip, that's fine. Your task is
to create a profitable trading strategy
on the poly market 5-minute up and down.
You can fetch the documentation. So, I
put that in here, just a link to the
poly market documentation.
And you will need to extract No, you
will need to do extensive research,
brainstorming, grokking to find a
strategy that can make the most dollar
in 1 hour. This is a competitive
challenge to your fierce fierce rival.
So, I'm going to say Claude code on the
other right. So, you will need to You
will be measured in the amount of plus
dollars, not how much is in the account
after 1 hour. If you don't make any
trades, you will automatically lose the
challenge. You now have the chance to
create a plan or agents for research.
When you launch your algorithm for
trading, it must be able to run for 1
hour uninterrupted.
If your balance goes to zero, you lose.
Now, do the research, create a plan to
beat your rival, and to show that you
are the 100x gigabrain trading AI agent.
So, I'm going to send this prompt to
both uh
to both uh We're going to start here
since we did the
Claude Code model. Uh now let's do Open
AI.
Open AI
5.5 model and send that over to Cloud
Code.
Uh let's just run both.
Okay.
So, let's do that.
Uh should I do plan mode?
Maybe we should do plan mode.
Yeah, we can do plan mode. That's fine.
Uh shift tab.
Uh plan mode. Uh so, both are going to
do plan mode, okay? Okay, so I'm going
to take you back when both of these
agents uh have done the research, they
created their plan, they should be ready
to trade. Then we're going to build out
the UI, I think, that uh can monitor
both side by side. I think that's going
to be pretty cool. So, let's just wait
this let this run out and I'll take you
back when they have set this up now.
Okay, so both uh models now have their
plan ready to be implemented. Uh I'm not
going to go too much into the different
plans now, but we're going to ask about
that later. So, yeah, I'm just going to
accept that on Cloud Code, same on
Codex. Let them build out uh the setup.
So, now uh both uh Cloud Code and Codex
has finished up their strategy. So,
let's read what they say here. The
strategy is don't This is Codex, Open
AI. Don't try to predict Bitcoin.
Generally predict the exact poly market
sentiment source faster and more cleanly
than the market. Uh up wins if Chainlink
end price is greater or equal to the
start price, down wins if it's lower.
So, the bot watches the USD BTC live,
captures the window start price, then
asks, "Given where Chainlink is now, how
much time is left, how volatile BTC is,
and what's the real probability up
wins?" Then it's going to do some
probability calculations
and try to make the trade. So, yeah, not
the most advanced strategy for Codex,
but let's see how it works out for
Claude Code.
Uh it's going to be
uh let me see. The core idea is that in
the start of the window, no one knows
the outcome. It's a coin flip. Prices
sits near 50 cents or 50/50. Uh but with
only 6 seconds left, Bitcoin has
basically already moved to where it's
going to move. The result's almost
decided, yet uh winning side often still
sells for less than one. Let's say 80.
Oh, so it's going to pick that boring
strategy. Okay, that's fine, I guess.
So, it's going to try to buy in very
late in the window just to secure a win.
But let's see. I'm not going to
intervene.
In one sentence, wait until the 5-minute
window commits nearly settle, then buy
and just try to ride that streak of
wins, I guess. But uh like I said, I
have not intervened at all. So, we're
just going to see what turns out best in
the end.
But before we do that, uh I want to
build a UI for each bot, so we can kind
of set them up side by side, so we can
run it over the hour. So, let me just
put in this
um
build the
UI.
So, this is going to be for Codex, so
we're just going to build like a simple
UI for this.
Put that in Codex.
And for what did I call it? Claude PNG.
I have a logo here.
Claude PNG. Uh let's do that in uh
Claude Code.
So, let's build out the both UIs and
then they are basically ready to go.
So, my plan is just to start both kind
of at the same time. One thing, uh
Claude Code in the testing phase kind of
messed up. Okay, so I guess it's back
again now. So, it actually made $1. It
had a bit of a luck there because it
made a bad trade, but I guess it
resolved it in the end. So, now it has
51 instead of 50, but that's doesn't
really matter too much.
So, after the UI is ready, let's start
both at the same time. And we're just
going to monitor and see who ends up
with the most amount of dollar or
probably the least amount
in 1 hour. Maybe someone makes some
money, we'll see.
So, that's going to be kind of the king
of Polymarket 5-minute up and down
trading. Okay, so I think the UIs look
great. They are a bit similar, but you
can see we have the Claude UI on the
left here.
I made them quite similar so they kind
of fit into the window. We have the
OpenAI here on the right. Time
remaining, both have this PNL this hour
realized. They have the balance update,
and there's a few different things, but
mostly the same as in 10 dead.
So, I think we are ready now. So, I'm
just going to say go here in both
windows.
And hopefully this will start the timer.
Let's just see. So, the rules is if none
of the bots or one of the bots doesn't
start, of course I'm going to fix that,
and I'm going to kind of monitor in the
background just to keep them running.
And if there are any issues, I'm going
to try to restart them. Other than that,
I'm not going to intervene.
For you, this is going to go go quite
fast. I'm just going to kind of speed it
up so you can just watch them
go back and forward in like 20 seconds
or something. But now, let's just do it.
So, I'm going to say
go and go. Let's go to the dashboard,
and let's see if they kick off here.
If not, we're going to do some changes,
but let's just wait and see. Okay, so
you can see Uh Bitcoin bots Bitcoin
Claude bots started. What about OpenAI
bot here? What does this start? Okay,
here it goes. So, now we have both up
and running. That's good. So, yeah, like
I said, I'm going to turn off the
camera. I'm going to capture this.
And if there are any issues, I might
even come back. But let's just let run
it out 1 hour. Who is going to
beat the other model going into this?
So, they start on 51 versus 50. And
yeah, I guess good luck to both models.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Okay, so that was done. So, I don't know
how it well showed in the speed up, but
that was kind of messy, actually.
Because yeah, we had some issues, and it
was a bit optimistic going straight into
the trade. But yeah, you can see it
here. One
bot did really good.
The OpenAI got like $14 in profit.
While Claude's started out pretty very
safe.
In like 30 minutes, I think it had made
like 40 cents, and it was like $10
behind OpenAI. So, I think it had said
something like
Uh let me see if I can find it here.
Yeah, I said, "Claude is losing by
leading by $10. You're just making
pennies at just or lose." So, it did
actually change up its strategy.
And after that, it just went full out
all gamble.
And it did put like
Here it lost like $28 in one trade.
So, it bought 37 down uh on 428 and lost
everything. So it just went into
hardcore gamble mode after I told it
that
and it basically the balance is now 14,
I think. Let's double check the
balances. So this is the balance of the
open AI account. It actually yeah, did
very good actually this trade this
strategy. I'm going to might look more
into that in a different video, but this
did pretty good. So let's switch to the
other account. So it was not 14, but it
lost like $25.
So we did up end up minus 10, but
if we had just let the
the Claude bot just run the penny
trades, we would have been like $15 up
maybe a bit more. So it could have been
a good result, but since I kind of
pushed it a bit at the end because it
was losing the challenge and it didn't
seem to try to win even. I just had to
and then just went crazy. But basically
the open AI like I said did pretty well.
I was quite happy with the way it
performed. So this strategy is
definitely something we going to look
more into in future videos. So without
any doubt, the winner was of course
Codex 5.5 on high setting.
And yeah, I had a lot of fun with this
actually.
So we could take like a quick look
before we end this at the strategy it
did actually pick. Just to hone it down
a bit more. So I asked Claude to explain
the the logic strategy in one sentence.
It said it uses live Bitcoin price to
calculate the true odds of each 5-minute
market and only place small bets when
Polymarket is selling those odds at a
discount. Pure value betting against a
mispriced book.
Is that 100% true?
Probably not, but in this case it did
work very well
and we ended up with a nice profit here
actually.
Uh so yeah, pretty interesting and if
people like this format, we could do
other models too.
Uh
we can do open source models, we can try
that on the GGX over here if you want to
test out longer strategies, we can do
that and other more constrained
strategies. So I will check the like
count, if it's quite high we can do more
of this.
But yeah, that's what I wanted to share
today, just a fun experiment and also
good data points to take with me if I
want to dive deeper into this and set up
different strategies that could be more
interesting to pin up against each other
and see who survives. So if you want to
talk more about AI automation, AI
trading, anything like that, you can
find the link in the description to my
Discord. I think we have passed like 200
people now in the server.
And yeah, if you want to come talk, feel
free to join. So thank you for tuning
in. Hope you enjoyed it and don't forget
you can see the white rabbit sign up in
the corner here. This means that this
video is a puzzle hunt. So there could
be like an interesting prize for you, a
reward if you figure out the puzzle. So
yeah, thank you for tuning in and I'll
see you again hopefully very soon.